# Beyond WWDC

> Let us know how you’ve considered sharing your coding knowledge and enthusiasm for computer science with others, in 500 words or less.

I'm currently learning iOS app development in my spare time while taking common secondary education in the school in China. I treat this as my hobby and work hard to improve my programming skills.

I have been interested in computers and other technical devices since I was in the kindergarten. In 2011, when I was in about grade 2, I got to know Steve Jobs on the newspapers, and it's a turning point of my life. The news was, unfortunately his death. At that time, all the newspapers spent lots of space introducing and cherishing him. But thanks to this, I've learnt many stories about steve like how he managed Apple and how his reality distortion field influenced others. And then I was charmed by his personality, bought his biography and started to know more about him. In the biography, I found why I was so interested in computers. It is the sentence "It is in Apple's DNA that technology alone is not enough—it's technology married with liberal arts, married with the humanities, that yields us the results that make our heart sing.". From this, I realized what are technology for –––– they 're created to make the world a better place, to make humans live a better, more convenient life. This clarified and strengthened my dream, that is to combine technology and humanity, to use technology to make our life better and more convenient. What’s more, I have been a fan of Apple since then.

Last year, I’ve got my first Mac, and started learning iOS Programming. I first learnt the basics by watching the videos online(like CS193p, WWDC sessions and so on) and reading books. And after the basics, I began to make something helpful. By chance, I am a Japanese anime lover, and many anime lovers like to celebrate for their favourite characters' birthdays, so I got the idea and built an app to notify anime lovers, which is called "BirthReminder" and (in my opinion) is really useful ( you may find it at https://github.com/CaptainYukinoshitaHachiman/BirthReminder , by the way it's not on the App Store yet because the review team thinks this app isn't following guideline 4.2 :( ).

Maybe you've noticed that the project "BirthReminder" is open source on GitHub. Here I'd also like to share something about how open source helped me learn programming. Especially on GitHub, programmers can share their works so that they can learn from each other's code and get feedback & help from others all over the world, and I've got lots of help there, too. There's such a great atmosphere that I am deeply attracted to it. Therefore, I do really appreciate open source.

Finally, beyond the WWDC. Actually, to be a WWDC Scholar is one of my dreams, and I'm always looking forward to it. If I can win the scholar, to take the opportunity, I'll learn more about the latest techniques in order to build better apps and try harder to change the world while writing the code.